README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

## Documentation of API Used

Checkout out docs of api https://emr-do80.onrender.com/docs#/

### TODO TO MAKE APPLICATION BETTER
- Incorporate availability settings to getting started profile completion card progress
- Incorporate pricing settings to getting started profile completion card progress
- Allow selection of a single date on availability settings (Currently only accepts a range)
- Lock length of session to 45 minutes per the MVP in setting the pricing of Doctor
- Update doctors fee state after setting pricing in settings
- Improve Logout and session ending
- Improve booking of a doctor on mobile view (button hides during selection of a doctor's availability)
- Let's add a decline to doctor's requests actions (Rescheduling possibility???)
- Fix all possible sonar qube code smell issues

Commit message:

feat: implement patient appointments view

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

## Documentation of API Used

Checkout out docs of api https://emr-do80.onrender.com/docs#/

### TODO TO MAKE APPLICATION BETTER
- Incorporate availability settings to getting started profile completion card progress
- Incorporate pricing settings to getting started profile completion card progress
- Allow selection of a single date on availability settings (Currently only accepts a range)
- Lock length of session to 45 minutes per the MVP in setting the pricing of Doctor
- Update doctors fee state after setting pricing in settings
- Improve Logout and session ending
- Improve booking of a doctor on mobile view (button hides during selection of a doctor's availability)
- Let's add a decline to doctor's requests actions (Rescheduling possibility???)
- Let's investigate the feasibility of rescheduling functionality for both patient and doctor
- Fix all possible sonar qube code smell issues
